(birds chirping)
[Sakura And Sarada]
Thank you for the food!
(dishes clattering)
(water splashing)
[Sakura] Oh, thanks!
Today's the day of
our new holiday!
It's Family Day!
So, everyone, get
out there together
and have a great time, you know!
[Sakura] I'm sorry, Sarada.
[Sarada] Hm?
Well, the thing is, I
have to go work today,
but I'm thinking I
can be home by dinner.
(chuckling) Oh, Mom,
we don't need to worry
about that sorta thing.
Dad's gone, too!
(Sakura sighing)
Also, I promised Boruto
that I'd help him
with shuriken training today.
[Sakura] Hm?
(gentle peaceful music)
I wonder where he is
now, and what he's doing.
(people chattering excitedly)
[Girl] Over here, Daddy!
C'mon, let's go! (giggling)
Mr. Sasuke!
(Sasuke grunting)
(Boruto chuckling)
Boruto, do you know
what's going on here?
Everybody seems to be
out with their families.
Huh?
But isn't that the
reason why you came home?
I mean, today's Family Day.
[Sasuke] What's that?
It's a new holiday they
say will deepen the bonds
between parents and kids.
So why aren't you
with Naruto then?
Oh, uh, right about
now, Dad should be
taking Himawari around
and having fun with her.
Oh, right!
Sarada should be at the
training grounds around now
I see.
There's a whole lotta
stuff going on here today,
like festival booths and events
like an eating contest, too!
Why don't you take Sarada around
and have some fun together?
[Sasuke] Yeah.
(chuckling) See ya!
(people chattering excitedly)
♪♪Japanese Opening Theme♪♪
(water rushing)
-(fire whooshing)
-(dramatic music)
(Sasuke gasping)
Whoa!
-(hands smacking)
-(chiming tinkling)
(Sasuke inhaling sharply)
-(fire whooshing)
-(slow somber music)
Of course.
Why did I think that you
would be like Itachi?
(Sasuke grunting)
(birds chirping)
(footsteps thudding)
Father.
That jutsu, I mastered it.
Will you come and watch me?
(fire whooshing)
(footsteps tapping)
-(birds chirping)
-(water rushing)
Families (sighing).
Dad?
(chuckling) So,
you're back home?
Since when?
[Sasuke] Just a bit ago.
But what are you doing here?
Boruto told me that
you'd be out here.
Boruto did?
(Sarada chuckling)
So are you training?
Uh, well, um, actually...
Wanna check out the festival?
(Sarada gasping)
Can we?
-(people chattering excitedly)
-(bright upbeat music)
You know, I really
wasn't expecting you
to come home today, Dad!
No?
(Sarada chuckling)
Today is-
I just happened
to have some work
that brought me near the
village, so I stopped by.
Uh, oh, I see.
(Sasuke grunting)
[Girl] Daddy, please
can you get me one?
They look so tasty!
Please?
(chuckling) Do I have a choice?
(girl chuckling)
One please.
Sure thing!
Yay, thanks!
You're the best, Daddy!
How nice!
[Sasuke] Want one?
Huh?
Do you want one too?
[Sarada] It's okay,
not right now.
Don't be so shy.
The candy is red.
Huh?
So what if it's red?
It's just like your
glasses and outfit.
You like red, don't you?
Well, I mean, I
don't hate it, but-
Then how about some tomatoes?
There was a booth selling them-
Uh, no, I'm fine, thanks!
Okay.
(people chattering excitedly)
(Sarada grunting)
[Naruto] I can't
believe how hard
it is to find a Kuraa-ma!
Hey, Daddy, how
about this store?
Hm?
I could've sworn
this place was...
(people chattering excitedly)
[Man] Hey, over here!
-(bright chiming)
-(water trickling)
(both chuckling)
I get it.
Huh? What's up?
[Sasuke] A piggy-back ride.
Hm?
Just stop!
Ugh, you're so embarrassing!
-(footsteps tapping)
-(people chattering excitedly)
(Sasuke grunting)
[Kakashi] Something
bothering you, Sasuke?
What do you want?
[Kakashi] Who, me?
Oh, nothing, I just
happened to see
a sad father trying
to give his daughter
a piggy-back ride and
getting shot down.
(Sasuke grunting)
Hey, hold on a minute.
You know what I think?
It's probably from
traveling alone so much,
but your social skills seem
to need some polishing.
I think your Visual Prowess
still has a ways to go.
What are you trying to say?
[Kakashi] You may possess
the Mangekyo Sharingan,
but it seems you can't even peer
into your own
daughter's feelings.
Uh, and what's this?
[Kakashi] This book is
called "Make-Out Tactics"!
For me, these days, it's
like a guidebook to life!
How about it?
Don't you wanna learn
some tactics to help you
get along with your daughter?
(Sasuke gulping)
(water sloshing)
[Announcer] The final
round is here at last!
The last battle features
Ankorodo's Sweet Azuki
So much fun!
-So much fun!
-Aw, there there, little one!
(Shino yelping)
[Announcer] Eat the most
bowls within the time limit
-wins!
-Hm?
Sasuke Uchiha.
Shino Aburame.
(food sizzling)
(both grunting)
By the way,
(Shino grunting)
I'd like to thank
you for taking
care of my daughter
at the Academy.
[Shino] Oh, um, right!
So how'd she do?
Um. (clearing throat)
Exceptionally.
But the road that she's
planning on taking
will not be an easy one.
I'm sure she's going
to face many hardships,
but I hope that you'll
support her as a father.
Support her as a father, huh?
Did she run into
any undesirable...
Huh?
What's that?
You know, any bad insects?
-(Shino grunting)
-(bell dinging)
Did you say bad insects?
(Shino growling)
(Sasuke grunting)
There is no such
thing as a bad insect!
(crowd exclaiming)
-Mommy, there's a weird man!
-Uh oh.
(pensive music)
[Sasuke] Hey!
Dad!
About earlier-
Sorry, I overreacted.
(Sasuke grunting)
[Kakashi] To bridge the
distance between you,
the way you address her
is really important.
Use a soft, loving tone.
When you talk to
Naruto, you call him
(magical whooshing)
loser, isn't that right?
It has a nice warmth
and familiarity to it.
So what you should do is
try calling your daughter-
(magical whooshing)
[Sasuke] Uh, Peanut!
Huh?
You're, uh, you're my
cute little peanut!
You know I'm not a nut, right?
(Sasuke groaning)
(Sarada growling)
Look, Dad, not one time today
have you called me by name.
Could it be that
you've forgotten
the name of your
very own daughter?
What are you talking about?
It's Sarada!
Oh, so you actually
do remember, huh?
(Sasuke grunting)
[Kakashi] There's also
a tactic in this book
that'll make a girl
swoon, and I'll teach you!
No matter how moody the girl,
it'll melt her like butter
-and turn her into a kitten!
-(magical whooshing)
I mean, metaphorically.
(magical whooshing)
And that tactic is...
(cloak rustling)
Uh, what's this?
I'm not feeling cold right now.
(Sasuke grunting)
(cloak rustling)
Dad, you're so annoying!
-(footsteps tapping)
-(people chattering)
(Sasuke sighing)
(birds chirping)
(kunai thudding)
(Sarada sighing)
How come you aren't hanging out
with your dad today, Sarada?
Hey, Boruto.
It's just that, (sighing)
I don't think my dad
really knows who I am at all.
[Boruto] Huh?
[Sarada] Also,
everything he does to try
to connect with me doesn't work!
[Boruto] Well, let me ask
you, do you really think
you understand Sasuke at all?
[Sarada] Huh?
It is Family Day,
after all, right?
So just be upfront and tell him
if there's something that
you wanna do with him.
(kunai thudding)
(Sarada gasping)
Listen, I'm sure that
what Sasuke wants
is just to spend some
quality time with you today!
[Sarada] You really think so?
(light pensive music)
[Kakashi] Annoying, huh?
Well, no matter
how you look at it,
it's clear that you two are
definitely father and child.
[Sasuke] Do you still
have that book of yours?
[Kakashi] Oh?
Don't tell me that you've
actually recognized
the benefits of
"Make-Out Tactics"?
Give it to me so I can
toss it in the river.
Actually, if anything's
going in the river,
Kakashi, it should be you!
[Kakashi] Uh...
You're right.
Oh, well, an uncle can't
possibly understand
a daughter's feelings no
matter how hard he tries.
(Kakashi chuckling)
Wait, someone much more
qualified is heading this way.
Huh?
(Sakura stammering)
Sasuke?
[Sasuke] Sakura!
Sarada sent me a message saying
that you were back
home in the Village.
It's been a while since
we've all been together,
so I thought that maybe we
could all have a takoyaki party!
I think her yearning and
adoration for her father
is much stronger
than other kids'.
Since you're away so
much, it can't be helped.
To her, you're cooler and
stronger than any other dad.
And, well, you are,
that's just a fact.
Which means if she sees
an imperfection in you,
she gets disillusioned.
Sarada hasn't really experienced
what your everyday self is like.
(chuckling) So stop acting
tough and aloof all the time
and just treat her
like a normal person!
And just how exactly
do I do that?
Well, to be honest,
I'm not really sure.
Let me see.
I guess that it's what you
wanted from your father
and big brother
when you were a boy.
Oh, right!
Did you know?
Sarada's dream is to
become Hokage one day!
Hokage.
(gentle peaceful music)
(footsteps tapping)
(air whooshing)
(birds chirping)
(magical whooshing)
(air whooshing)
(kunai clanking)
(kunai thudding)
(magical whooshing)
Wow, big brother!
You nailed every target,
even behind the rock!
All right, it's my turn!
[Itachi] No, Sasuke,
it's time to go.
What happened to the
new shuriken jutsu
you promised to teach me, huh?
Tomorrow, I have an
important mission,
and I must prepare for it.
Hmph, you're such
a big fat liar!
(Itachi sighing)
(Sasuke chuckling)
(footsteps tapping)
-(blow tapping)
-Ow!
I'm sorry, Sasuke.
Some other time.
(footsteps tapping)
-(water rushing)
-(rope creaking)
-(Sarada grunting)
-(air whooshing)
(water splashing)
Aw, come on!
(Sarada breathing deeply)
Focus, focus!
-(Sarada grunting)
-(air whooshing)
Yes, get there!
(shuriken clanking)
(Sarada gasping)
Dad?
Please don't bother me.
(Sarada sighing)
-(Sarada grunting)
-(air whooshing)
(metal clanking)
Hey, come on!
(air whooshing)
(shuriken clanging)
Yes!
Huh?
(Sarada grunting)
(Sasuke chuckling)
I heard that you
wanna become Hokage.
[Sarada] What, you
gonna laugh at me
and say it's a ridiculous dream?
No.
At one time, I tried
to become Hokage.
(Sarada gasping)
I, I never knew that you-
I only told a few people.
But I had a warped vision
of what the Hokage was.
Luckily, I had a friend who
was able to straighten me out.
He pointed me towards
hope and a better path,
the right path.
Are you bragging about a friend?
What's going on?
He's not really a friend
you can brag about.
He's basically a loser
who just forges ahead
in whatever direction he
thinks is right at the time.
Ah, I just don't get it.
But then, if he's...
(air whooshing)
If Naruto's the one
who you're following,
you won't make the same
mistakes that I did.
I think that you'll
make a great Hokage.
(Sarada gasping)
I'm all for it.
Don't give up.
(Sarada gasping)
(Sarada grunting)
-(Sarada grunting)
-(air whooshing)
(water splashing)
(Sarada grunting)
Are you gonna give up?
No way, don't be ridiculous!
(air whooshing)
(water rushing)
(Sarada grunting)
(air whooshing)
(shuriken clanking)
(shuriken thudding)
(water splashing)
(gentle inspirational music)
You're so awesome, Dad.
Your shuriken's the one
that hit the target.
(footsteps tapping)
[Fugaku] Now then,
that's my boy.
You've done well.
(Sasuke chuckling)
Now there, that's my...
Nah, I'll save that for later.
Save what?
It's nothing.
(chuckling) This is just
what I've always wanted
to do with you, Dad!
So can we do it a bit longer?
[Sasuke] Another time,
your mother's waiting.
Uh, oh, yeah.
(Sasuke grunting)
(metal tapping)
Next time, okay?
Aww!
(gentle peaceful music)
(footsteps tapping)
(Sarada grunting)
Boruto!
Hey!
I guess I shouldn't have
worried, you look just fine.
Yeah, it seems that I owe
you, just this one time.
Yeah, so be grateful then!
(Sarada chuckling)
But, you know, the day
isn't over just yet!
Huh?
It's Family Day!
If there's something you wanna
do with Lord Seventh today,
just be upfront and tell him!
(Boruto grunting)
Isn't that what
you told me to do?
Be upfront and say it?
(Boruto grunting)
Uh, yeah, I guess I
did say that, didn't I?
What am I worried about,
after I lectured you?
(chuckling) Hey,
thank you, Sarada!
(Sarada chuckling)
-(crickets chirping)
-(door thudding)
I'm home!
[Naruto] Welcome back!
(Boruto grunting)
Hey.
Listen, I'm really
sorry about today.
(sighing) I spent the
entire day with Himawari
and I didn't make any
time at all for you.
(sighing) It's okay.
[Naruto] You'd
probably prefer a game
or something like
that, but, honestly,
I didn't know what you'd like.
Uh, what is this?
[Naruto] Open it.
[Boruto] This is...
Just a little present from me.
(chair scraping)
(footsteps tapping)
[Boruto] Hey, Dad?
[Naruto] Hm?
It's still Family Day, right?
(Naruto gasping)
(chuckling) That's right.
The sun's gone down now,
but would you train with me?
I mean, even just
for a little while?
(upbeat energetic music)
Of course I will, you know!
(Boruto chuckling)
(upbeat music)
[Boruto] Family Day.
I'm really glad
I got to enjoy it
until the very last
minute, you know!
♪♪Japanese Ending Theme♪♪
[Kuraa-ma] So much fun!
So much fun!
Kuraa-ma's having fun!
Yes, there, there, Kuraa-ma!
Oh, you're just so
incredibly cute!
[Kuraa-ma] Pet me again!
It's so much fun!
Yes, you are!
[Kuraa-ma] So much fun!
[Sumire] (gasping)
Oh, the sound's so-
[Wasabi] Namida's
jutsu's so powerful,
I think I'm losing my hearing!
[Namida] I've made my decision!
For everyone's sake,
I won't cry anymore!
I'm going to start training
with a new jutsu instead!
[Hanabi] Oh!
It's rare that we see you
so determined, Namida!
All right, time to
train extra hard!
(Namida shrieking)
Next time on "Boruto:
Naruto Next Generations",
"Blood, Sweat, and Namida."
[Sumire] You know,
Hanabi Sensei,
I didn't realize
you were so strict!
♪♪ Japanese Ending Theme ♪♪